when  i microvideo what university women
to  research in approval inoffensive
for  being irony as you presented no empirical back
overwhelming  evidence fervider what universe olivares
archaeological
irony
you  heartened to empirical fact
a
you  can think of
but  in order
to  ignore all
all  of the
i  measure
burlman
ignoring  the fact that most
the  news authoritarian
communist  china and the use
at
the  death cavender capitalism remains much
absolutely  no
absolutely  no self mockery or self aware
follow  up the
that  unnatural began is guilty of swampy reed
presenting  us with nothing but borgogna but hastening us
with  this
example  of sloppy resort
communist
in  this case it looks like it nor
popeyes  line for of this
detailed  calculus full of suspiciously round numbers half
a  million people per year die of malaria
right  and that malaria
caused  by
it's  not in any way misleading to blame capitalism and if those people were
instead  say living under
feudalism
or  socialism or communism they wouldn't be dying of malaria
at  all right all he intercessor seen is that in the mixture the flag
at  the top of this integration erica communis
so  in an arouse you tell me there would be no malaria
there  would be no people dying of curable diseases and all of this
can  just be blamed on the abstraction of cap of no i'm according this in january
of  two thousand twenty one there is no illness coming around most of you
in  the audience will be familiar with and dublin capitals
for
do  you think that the body count is the fault of capitalism and do you
think  that in other countries around the world that don't have capitalism
have  a stock market that don't have the economic
we  take for granted and a callosity do you think that
immune
to  rotation a problem you may think there's anything mister
anything  sloppily re
with  eleven googling
numbers
without  even getting into the cab a ideose eight million people
dying  from a lack of clean water what you know but i don't everett the number of beginning
but  if that were the number none of those people are living
in
is  law fundamentalist
none  of them
no  they're all living in in capitalist democracies none of them are living
imposed  communes
disaster
that  when you get into both africa and south america you also get into the real
interest
of  moderate socialist country
but  you
any  one is really interested in the empire ostrevant moderate socialism its full
of  other really interesting failures here
i  would not describe this
pot  calling the
i  would say this is more like
he  is here calling poky man an imbecile on a
steel  on data i read unnatural begins intellect and political
acumen  may be like a tree
and  in her communist critic here gets a straight up zero
and  attain
he
really  he had been praiseworthy
i